Utilitie for managing game servers (PufferPanel). (#3444)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

- [ARRCON](https://github.com/radj307/ARRCON) - Terminal-based RCON client compatible with any game servers using the Source RCON Protocol. `GPL-3.0` `C++`
- [Lancache](https://lancache.net) `⚠` - LAN Party game caching made easy. ([Source Code](https://github.com/lancachenet/monolithic)) `MIT` `Docker/Shell`
- [LinuxGSM](https://linuxgsm.com/) - CLI tool for deployment and management of dedicated game servers on Linux: more than 120 games are supported. ([Source Code](https://github.com/GameServerManagers/LinuxGSM)) `MIT` `Shell`

> - [PufferPanel](https://www.pufferpanel.com/) - Web-based management system for multiple game servers. You can give other users access to your servers or create their own ([Source Code](https://github.com/pufferpanel/pufferpanel)) `Apache-2.0` `GO`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PufferPanel](https://www.pufferpanel.com/) - PufferPanel is an open source game server management panel, designed for both small networks and game server providers. ([Source Code](https://github.com/pufferpanel/pufferpanel)) `Apache-2.0` `Go`
```

Reviewer 2: As nodiscc has suggested, once this description is adjusted I believe this shall be fit for merging.
